# Programming Project 1 -  Simple Client-Server Game of Hi Low (using UDP sockets and Java) #
In this project, you will be creating a very simple Datagram Application. You will create a client and a server. The client must execute after you start the server. Here is what they will do.

The client will read from the console a string that the users enters. This string will be the name of the user, let's say FRED. The client then sends the name, FRED, in a Datagram Packet to the server. The server will receive this Datagram Packet and send to the client a nice Datagram Packet greeting, let's say "Hello FRED, time to play the GUESSING GAME. FRED, please enter a number between 1 and 10." (the server has also kept a secret number to play the game, let's say it is 4). This is of course an example, you may alter it as you wish.

The client receives this Datagram packet, and the user enters a numerical guess, say 5, and the client sends a datagram packet with just the number guess, i this case 5. The server receives this Datagram packet and sends a Datagram packet with the string "Too Big, Guess Again" , remember, in this example the secret number on the server side is 4. The client receives this packet, and the user enters another number, say 2. The client sends this number as a Datagram packet to the server. The server receives this Datagram packet, and realizing that the number is too small, sends a new Datagram packet with the following. "Too small, Guess Again". The client receives this Datagram packet and the user enters a 4. This is sent as a Datagram packet to the server, which receives it and sends the Datagram packet, "YOU WIN!!!".

At that point, the server and the client terminate. Of course, you should send fancier, more meaningful messages than the above, perhaps the number of guesses, or some such thing. Please refer to the example code in modules. Good luck.
